Digital is not a side channel anymore — it is part of every
Porsche customer relationship. You now have the tools to make video updates that
lift approval of recommended work. You can text professionally without crossing lines.
You can write emails customers will actually read. And you know which channel
fits which message. In the next module, you will keep building on that
foundation. If you'd like to review any of the earlier slides before taking
the final quiz, click the menu button near the top left of the
screen. That opens the slide menu, where you can select any completed slide
to revisit it. When you're ready, click the Final Quiz option at the
bottom of that same menu to begin. You'll need to score eighty percent
or higher to pass.